feature: Waypoint Server Upgrade command for supported server platforms (#976)
hashicorp/waypoint: website/content/docs/upgrading/index.mdx

  is designed for you to know when and how to safely upgrade the server.

Please see our [compatibility promise](/docs/upgrading/compatibility)
for details on how to determine compatibility. This page will focus on
how to upgrade components in both compatible and incompatible scenarios.

### Server Upgrade Command

> As of 0.2.1, Waypoint provides a command for users to automatically upgrade

Reviewer: "automatically" implies hands-off to me; but the user still has to take action here and run the command, as they can't set the server to upgrade automatically on new releases.
```suggestion
As of 0.2.1, Waypoint provides a command for users to upgrade the
```

Author: Hm, makes sense to me. I guess it's less automatic and more _automated_. So leaving it off makes sense :+1:

Waypoint server in place. For each platform, Waypoint attempts to
update the server image in place to latest by default, or to the server image

> requested from the passed in flag to the upgrade command.

Reviewer: confusing wording; suggestion for clarity
```suggestion
specified via a flag passed in to the upgrade command.
```

~> **Note:** Due to where Waypoint server stored its database in Nomad at `/alloc`,
the automated upgrade command cannot migrate the old servers database to a new one.
This is only an issue if running Waypoint server 0.2.0 and older. Please follow
the manual upgrade guide in this case.

> When the upgrade command is executed, the following takes place:

Reviewer: active tense, plus makes sense with using `Takes` on the following line
```suggestion
When the upgrade command is executed, Waypoint does the following:
```

> - Takes a snapshot of the current server database and save snapshot locally. The
>   snapshot file can be saved elsewhere if a new name is passed in through using
>   `-snapshot-name`, or optionally skipped all together
> - Run the upgrade for the requested platform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Takes a snapshot of the current server database and saves snapshot locally. The
  snapshot file can be saved elsewhere if a new name is passed in using the flag
  `-snapshot-name`, or optionally skipped all together.
- Runs the upgrade for the requested platform:
```

  - `docker` - This platform will force pull the image requested to update the
    container in docker.

>   - `kubernetes` - This platform will use `kubectl` to set the image requested on

Reviewer: we'll need to remove this reference this if we are able to extricate the `kubectl` call from the statefulset update

>     the waypoint-server pod. By default, Waypoints StatefulSet is configured to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the waypoint-server pod. By default, Waypoint's StatefulSet is configured to
```

    `RollingUpdate`, so the pod will pull the requested version shortly after
    running the Waypoint upgrade command.
  - `nomad` - This platform will update the waypoint server job with the server
    image requested.
- Verifies that waypoint CLI can still connected and speak to Waypoint server

If you wish to use the automated upgrade command line approach, follow the

> Standard Upgrade guide using the _Automated Upgrade_ Server section.

Reviewer: This wording was a little confusing for me to follow, maybe something like:
```suggestion
Standard Upgrade guide using the _Automated Upgrade_ Server Upgrade subsection.
```

Author: Ah yep :+1: It was originally its own section, and it ended up making it a subsection, so nice catch!

is down, and the downtime should be short. We plan on improving this
in the future.

#### Automated Upgrade

1. Check any upgrade notes for the version you're upgrading to and verify
   there are no issues that will affect your upgrade.

> 2. Check the help text from running `waypoint server upgrade -help`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check the help text from running `waypoint server upgrade -help`.
```
